Minor doc and miscellaneous fixes (#2915)
CanalTP/navitia: CONTRIBUTING.md

Make sure to run the tests before submitting the pull request (`make test` in the build directory,
you may also run `make docker_test` for important contributions), and have a wee look at what follows.

### Acceptance process

For a proposed PR, we require 2 approvals by owners.

> Once the PR is approved, if you are an owner: please merge yourself your work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the PR has 2 approvals, if you are the owner and it isn't merged by a reviewer, you can merge it yourself.
```
